and to bronte artists no cont
some tips to recommend it are especially the dermatologists in fact in the
we will hear more about it here
suggestion on the part of is a need her matò low cost or how to protect yourself from
sunrays
holidays alone, a perfect combination of exposure to sunlight
to do this you need to follow some small rules
then meanwhile go
barley or go to the sea photo student door to mind
cock in the pussy
protect yourself with the skeletal protection factor
to avoid
always
those hours that go from 1 to 2 summer time
noon one
solar oils
apple neoplast schedule the sun
institution a
artificial a simple
mirages he strike us perpendicularly
floating hours
therefore it is not enough to use sunscreen with a media manager protection factor
saremar protection factor alice mail protection factor 50
so if we have to protect ourselves if it allows me also tarragona like smoking with
smoking booty hurts it will do the same and the sun hurts then
protect yourself with high power protection
and adds Neapolitan based supplements
d beta carotene I always produced naturally by mouth
recommended by the dermatologist
the octopus of a many is a new happy this vegetable act
but always to be taken by mouth these
Non-medications These supplements are not perfect and collateral
conny asks me summer the sun's enemies are just those famous brands
call us most commonly spots
elena who have a specific name and love usmate apple
oculus asthma what is the typical stain
arising in pregnancy affects
and often women in the third fourth month of pregnancy because of the spots that
they affect women who are no longer in an interesting state are defined
melasma melasma affects young women
it affects men and rarely
that we say prefers l has the face obviously get out exposed photo emp
in particular the face prefers the forehead
the upper lip
and the cheeks with a typical brown brown appearance
ahahah irrelevant margins are said
sorry pictures regular picture a little
the hormonal imbalance has been said on a map
there was talk of birth control pills
vermilion lately we dermatologists have also resized on
practice
the brush that the contraceptive pill would have in the chaos are
melasma
hamdulillah
the pathology - enamels that I have as the SMA
it is almost absent
in men therefore it is quite easy to deduce that
estrogen, that is, female hormones
that the woman produces accumulate on the skin forever with the
complicity of the
blessed is what we want, damn sun
comment on this pigmentation
how to protect yourself with editarea
nice to arise from these spots on the face however on the body interesting questions
because the protection
miss does started in april may indeed women is that they are there
following this moment women suffering from melasma
they know that
winter
these patches
they disappear like a mere illusion to make them reappear
during
the first and only types in spring and this year there was Lombardy
example a fairly early heat and then in March-April we begin
hahaha protect us from your sun by the way
there are on the market
the of the excellent products that are already solar screens and also teletu coquin of
the woman is facilitated by the woman who works because she facilitates makeup and
at the same time. trick to say that it is not contraindicated who
suffering from melasma
and also let's say a lawn
or are produced
and covering and kamov read barusso tempo
re year other protection factors
which therapy
when you expose yourself to the sun
passer talking about
weekend in the mountains we can talk about weekend at the lake by the sea
and then, as I said, a little while ago, the screen is a protective photo
prefer
the first the first hours d
from the morning from 8 to 11 just then there is or always does
of beta-carotene supplements
but also men must be protected
and we have neglected men a little because
are quite
Avantaggiati
from the fact that the melasma ineffects prefers the in the female sex
but also men
They do not have to
expose them cheerfully to the sun then let us remember apart from the melasma that it is
men are women who are clear subjects rather than dark subjects
unfortunately there is a serious phenomenon that is that of the photo hey jingle
for photos and jingo the kind word to say captured sun aging
always obnoxious message I want to give
who is on vacation
avoid smoking
we know that smoking is bad
but smoke
it's a sunny smoke people
mirko and sun exposure without adequate protection
smoke unfortunately the pearl